<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
    xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
    xmlns:s="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/components/shared"
	xmlns:tw="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/components/tasks"
    template="/templates/default.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="center">

		<script type="text/javascript">
		
			$(document).ready(function () {
				setTimeout(resizeMainPanel, 250);
			});
			
			$(window).on('resize', function() {
				setTimeout(resizeMainPanel, 250);
			});
	
			function resizeMainPanel() {
				$("#mainForm\\:mainPanel").height($(document).height() - 40);
			}
			
		</script>
		
		<p:remoteCommand
			autoRun="true"
			actionListener="#{sessionController.setTitle('Help')}"/>
		
		<h:form id="mainForm">
			<p:scrollPanel
				id="mainPanel"
				mode="native"
				styleClass="gray-bg"
				style="width: calc(100% - 8px); height: 300px; margin: 3px; overflow: scroll;">
				
				<p:accordionPanel multiple="true" style="margin: 3px;">
        			<p:tab title="About Wazera - Getting Started">
        				<h2>What is Wazera?</h2>
        				<p>
        					The Wazera Cloud allows you to work on projects with your team,
        					by letting you manage documents and tasks on a web based platform,
        					connected to a MySQL database. Keep all of your work organized inside a tree structure,
        					inspired by Windows' file system and share it with your colleagues through dynamic links.
        				</p>
        				<h2>Navigating through Wazera</h2>
        				<p>
        					In the top right corner of your screen, you are able to manage your session.
        					The feedback button lets you send an E-Mail to the developers of Wazera.
        					The profile button lets you edit your personal settings, including your password.
        					The logout button will end your session, bringing you back to the login screen.
        					You can navigate to different parts of the application through the sidebar
        					on the left side of your screen:
        				</p>
        				<ul>
        					<li>
        						DOCS is the main page of Wazera, where you view and edit your documents.
        					</li>
        					<li>
        						USERS lets admins create and edit user accounts.
        					</li>
        					<li>
        						GROUPS lets admins create and edit groups for users and documents.
        					</li>
        					<li>
        						ROLES lets admins create and edit roles to give permissions to users.
        					</li>
        					<li>
        						HELP is the page you are reading right now.
        					</li>
        					<li>
        						SDS redirects you to the website of Seven Ducks Studios, the developers of Wazera.
        					</li>
        					<li>
        						GITHUB redirects you to the GitHub repository with the code of Wazera.
        					</li>
        				</ul>
        			</p:tab>
        			<p:tab title="User Guide - Docs">
        				<h2>The Document Tree</h2>
        				<p>
        					The main feature of the "Docs" page is the document tree,
        					which completely fills the left column of the screen.
        					It displays every document in the database, that you have access to.
        					Each document has an icon in front of it, to represent its type.
        					However only "Folder" documents can contain other documents,
        					similar to the file explorer in Windows or other operating systems.
        					The "Dashboard" also behaves like a folder, with the exception
        					that it is the root of the tree and cannot be moved, renamed or deleted.
        					When a folder has any content, an arrow will appear next to its icon,
        					letting you expand or collapse the content.
        					Left clicking a document in the tree will open it,
        					displaying its content on the right side of the screen.
        					You can only have one document opened at a time.
        					Right clicking a document in the tree will show you a context menu,
        					displaying all available actions.
        					This way you can create or modify documents.
        				</p>
        				<p>
        					There are 3 additional buttons above the tree, giving you control over its content.
        					The first one is the sort mode, which can be toggled on and off.
        					While sort mode is active, you can drag and drop all documents inside the tree
        					to rearrange them freely however you want.
        					The second one is the refresh button, which updates the entire tree.
        					This way you will be able to see all changes that were made in other sessions.
        					The third one is the search button, that filters the tree.
        					In the search bar you can define tags to search for.
        					With enter you can seperate the search tags, to search for multiple tags.
        					The tag "one two" would only find results for "one two" as a whole,
        					while "one" and "two" as separate tags, would find documents containing them
        					in any combination. "two bones" would be a match this way.
        				</p>
        				<h2>Document Type - Folder (and Dashboard)</h2>
        				<p>
        					Folders are documents that can contain other documents within them.
        					Their content will be shown as a list of everything inside.
        					You can click any of these contents to open them, or use the breadcrumbs
        					in the header to navigate to parent folders.
        					On the dashboard you can also see how much storage Wazera has left,
        					aswell as an overview table of tasks, that are assigned to you.
        					Each task entry provides details and delete options in the leftmost column.
        					Like any document type, you can rename and delete folders (except for the dashboard)
        					from the context menu in the document tree.
        					Additionally you have the options to create new documents inside it
        					or completely collapse its content.
        				</p>
        				<h2>Document Type - (Rich Text) Document</h2>
        				<p>
        					Documents that are just referred to as document contain rich text.
        					This can range from formatted paragraphs to basic images.
        					In the footer you can copy the link to the document
        					or start editing it. While editing, the header turns into a toolbar
        					and the search tags field becomes also editable.
        					You could define tags like "management" there, to make the document
        					come up when typing "management" in the search bar.
        					"Quick Save" (or CTRL+S) saves the document while keeping the editor open.
        					"Save" saves the document and exits the editor afterwards.
        					"Cancel" exits the editor without saving.
        					Like any document type, you can rename and delete text documents
        					from the context menu in the document tree.
        					Additionally you have the option to create a copy of it.
        				</p>
        				<h2>Document Type - Workflow</h2>
        				<p>
        					Workflows are documents that are used to organize tasks.
        					Each workflow has different states, that a task can be in.
        					These states are displayed as columns and can be
        					renamed, reordered or deleted with buttons in the column header.
        					In the footer you can copy the link to the document
        					or add new tasks or states to the workflow.
        					Once created, tasks can be simply dragged by their header into different states.
        					Each task entry provides details and delete options in their body.
        					Like any document type, you can rename and delete workflows
        					from the context menu in the document tree.
        				</p>
        			</p:tab>
        			<p:tab title="Admin Guide - Users">
        				<h2>The User Database</h2>
        				<p>
        					On the "Users" page, admins will find a big table of all users,
        					known as the user database.
        					The fields in the header allow you to filter for
        					usernames or database IDs.
        					You will find a button to create new entries in the footer on the very bottom.
        					Each user entry provides edit and delete options in the leftmost column.
        					All listed users will be able to log into Wazera.
        				</p>
        				<h2>User Pages</h2>
        				<p>
        					Clicking the edit option on an user will bring you to the user page.
        					You can also go to your own user page by clicking the profile button.
        					Under "Profile Page" you will find user related infos in the future.
        					Under "Change Password" you can set a new password for the user.
        					Under "Assign Roles" you can edit the roles of the user to change their permissions.
        					Global roles can simply be assigned with a checkbox.
        					Group roles will have additional checkboxes - one for each group in the database.
        					This way you can make the permissions of that role only impact documents within
        					one or multiple groups. You can also just check the global checkbox,
        					to apply it for everything, including ungrouped documents.
        					To save changes to a user, simply press the save button at the bottom.
        				</p>
        			</p:tab>
        			<p:tab title="Admin Guide - Groups">
        				<h2>The Group Database</h2>
        				<p>
        					On the "Groups" page, admins will find a big table of all groups,
        					known as the group database.
        					The fields in the header allow you to filter for
        					group names or database IDs.
        					You will find a button to create new entries in the footer on the very bottom.
        					Each group entry provides edit and delete options in the leftmost column.
        					Groups are currently unused and have no effect.
        				</p>
        			</p:tab>
        			<p:tab title="Admin Guide - Roles">
        				<h2>The Role Database</h2>
        				<p>
        					On the "Roles" page, admins will find a big table of all roles,
        					known as the role database.
        					The fields in the header allow you to filter for
        					role names, scopes or database IDs.
        					You will find a button to create new entries in the footer on the very bottom.
        					Each role entry provides edit and delete options in the leftmost column.
        					All listed roles, will be assignable to users.
        				</p>
        				<h2>Role Pages</h2>
        				<p>
        					Clicking the edit option on a role will bring you to the role page.
        					Under "Assign Permissions" you will be able to set
        					what users with this role can and can't do.
        					You are also able to freely change the name of the role here.
        					The scope determines what kind of permissions can be assigned.
        					GLOBAL permissions are used to give access to features,
        					that impact the whole application.
        					GROUP permissions on the other hand only impact confined spaces.
        					For example, you could create a group scoped role with the permission
        					to edit documents. When assigning this permission from the user page,
        					you can choose to only apply it to a certain group.
        					Now the user can edit documents that belong to this group,
        					while the option would stay disabled on a document within another group.
        					You can also assign group scoped roles globally,
        					so they apply for all groups.
        					To save changes to a role, simply press the save button at the bottom.
        				</p>
        				<h2>Assignable Permissions</h2>
        				<ul>
        					<li>
        						ADMINISTRATE_ACCOUNTS allows you to edit users, groups and roles.
        						This includes your own roles, so be careful with this permission.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						EDIT_FOLDERS allows you to create and edit folder documents,
        						aswell as sorting the document tree.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						DELETE_FOLDERS allows you to delete whole folders, including content.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						VIEW_DOCUMENTS allows you to view the content of text documents.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						EDIT_DOCUMENTS allows you to edit text documents.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						DELETE_DOCUMENTS allows you to delete text documents.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						VIEW_WORKFLOWS allows you to view workflow documents.
        						This includes the names of the tasks inside it.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						EDIT_WORKFLOWS allows you to edit workflow documents.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						DELETE_WORKFLOWS allows you to delete workflow documents.
        						This includes the tasks inside it.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						VIEW_TASKS allows you to view tasks inside workflow documents.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						EDIT_TASKS allows you to edit and move tasks inside workflow documents.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						DELETE_TASKS allows you to delete tasks inside workflow documents.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						VIEW_ASSIGNED_TASKS allows you to view tasks that are assigned to you.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						EDIT_ASSIGNED_TASKS allows you to edit and move tasks that are assigned to you.
       						</li>
        					<li>
        						DELETE_ASSIGNED_TASKS allows you to delete tasks that are assigned to you.
       						</li>
        				</ul>
        			</p:tab>
        		</p:accordionPanel>
				
			</p:scrollPanel>
		</h:form>

    </ui:define>
    
</ui:composition>